friends all hello welcome to
channel game dota 2 and some
feature
ulti lich well as we know now here
After repair the data changes in the ultimates in
chain growth means rebound removed
from the goal that is if we have amanim
the ulta licha just flies endlessly
so where is he supposed to take off
understandably where is the clip from
magically immune this is our old
Good endings I mean you run like
support
help your carry there to play
put wards and so on and you can
make on it also here such
interesting trap here i have
whipping boy
let's see what happens then we run
ult second
so let's write a professional proflesh
run another one there
so what is the refresh we will run again
one refresh and last
like this
so how many of them there have no idea well
stuff 4 flies in my one maybe
gone and so well and they will be there
infinitely like this we have
trap well let's go about
experimenting how something will turn out
happen with this here antimag me 16
level well such an interesting purchase
so he jumped right there
first blood well this is of course
training such here it turned out
infinitely not here flies so can
be a trap guard but i'm shallow here
dragons killed only on them
acts it turns out
magic damage passes on all
the rest is not, and so here you can
there is on the stack
and plus them still so protect say
so well, of course, you lose
ults for a while and cooldown when
I refresh the game here and of course I registered but
so here if you have time and play
you can somehow try this
make use of at least
the enemy is always running past but it
here he jumped over here that is if
someone will run over here here ult
Of course it is not to dress well,
You can try to create the hero
let's say a pig like that with us
how close should he run
to act on it
go yes that's almost point blank
there is a cross over here this line up
zip on the action here is such an interesting
feature we do n't know can someone
it may come in handy but for fan
infinitely possible to someone
will it be like that to arrange such a trap
well thank you all for watching
Good luck in the game
Good luck!